you girls think there's food in these
boxes there's not actually food in these
boxes today this is more of an
announcement and giveaway video so sorry
no food in the boxes do I open this box
this box to show them what we got in the
box we had a box in the mail actually of
course this came in the cardboard box
and then this box but I took it out of
the cardboard box open it and show that
what you guys got
and it's officially theirs because now
again what is it what is oh look at that
oh please lever so we thought we should
show you guys what we got in the mail
from YouTube okay this is all because of
you guys because of you every one of you
every one of you watching every one of
you commenting sharing our videos liking
our videos following us for the past
five and somehow five years are too long
it's been six years in November
look you guys look look this is because
of your hard work your hard work and
your hard work and Shiloh's hard work
and mainly the audience's hard work what
do you think of that was that what you
think of it was that it thank you
I think that was it thank you is it a
thank you diva Shelby okay so we got our
silver play button I promise you guys I
would show it to you when we got it
there it is it shows cool reflections
you can see a reflection to the camera
inside of it there we go if I tilt it
like that
does it down there you go so and it says
congratulations for surpassing 100,000
subscribers now since we have passed
100,000 subscribers I know I already did
one giveaway but we thought we would do
another one and we contacted some good
friends of ours over at this beard hood
I'm sure you've noticed I am wearing a
new spirit hood this is the brown husky
spirit hood a little closer here you can
see it's got like brown coloring in it
this is what the liner looks like it's
like brown and gray and anyway that's
what it looks like it's really cool give
it so we contacted our friends over at
spirit hood and they were kind enough to
send us a package and we have said
package right here always in the package
do any things in this package it is a
brand new now with dog nose sniffs onyx
and plastic though it's okay a brand new
brown husky spirit hood that one of you
is gonna win somebody out there is gonna
win it there will be eight while you a
snippet
they're now Johanna Brown husky
spearheads at all the dog says so if you
want a chance to win the brown mouse key
spirit hood brand new from not this one
the one with some package
brand-new brown whiskey spirited we will
ship it to you there will be a link down
in the video description below that you
can click on it'll take you to our
website where you can enter in to win
it'll have all the rules and regulations
all that stuff and you're ready to win
this from husky just like I like this
one this one's pretty cool I like the
lines pretty and so shocked this
literally whoever wins this this is
about as soft as the dogs and for those
of you that won't win it because sadly I
don't have over a hundred thousand of
them take away I don't have one to give
away if you guys want to purchase your
own spirit hood you can use the code GT
TSD and that will get you 50% off at
spirit loads on your first order so if
you haven't ordered one and you've been
waiting wanting to get one but you just
haven't done it yet that will get you
15% off your first order if you want to
use that I know you guys have been
begging me to do a spirit hood giveaway
so I wanted to wait till we get our
plaque um in other news we do have we do
hi you're distracting me with your hugs
Oh am i soft is that way you're hugging
me um super secret news that I think I
announced in a live show our periscope
show but I'll finally announce
here Memphis your Delta questionable um
for those of you that don't know the
dogs do have a theme song I'm sure most
of you know because we play part of it
at the end of our videos that little
30-second clip there's actually an
entire song that goes along with that
that was written by a friend of ours
named sherry I don't know how many of
you know who projected twin is I will
put some links down in the video
description to their page and things
like that also but they covered the song
and we do have plans to shoot a full
music video new music video for the dog
song hopefully soon I've been working on
it and making notes and I want it to be
really good so it's gonna take me a
while but there is your other surprise
news that was the other thing we wanted
to do as soon as we hit 100,000
subscribers why are you so cuddly look
at this what's this what is
also if you didn't do so yet on Monday
we put up a new dog treat video because
you guys have also been begging for that
so you can definitely go check out the
new dog street video that went up Monday
and again we just want to say thank you
thank you so much to each and every one
of you to who subscribe who follow us
who watch our videos and share our
videos and those of you that have been
here for only a short while those of you
that have been here for a long while you
make all this possible
without you guys gonna have this this
which is pretty cool that pretty cool is
that me it's pretty cool business sorry
it's you guys thank you so much thanks
for watching thanks for subscribing and
as always stay positive dream big I will
see you soon
say bye